androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/urllauncher/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/dynamicanimation/R.java
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$attr
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$color
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$dimen
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$drawable
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$id
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$integer
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$layout
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$string
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$style
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$styleable
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/webviewflutter/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/window/java/R.java
 androidx.window.java.R
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/example/flutter_banking_app/R.java
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$anim
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$animator
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$attr
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$bool
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$color
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$dimen
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$drawable
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$id
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$integer
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$interpolator
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$layout
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$mipmap
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$plurals
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$string
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$style
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$styleable
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.R$xml
com/mr/flutter/plugin/filepicker/R.java
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$attr
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$color
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$dimen
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$drawable
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$id
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$integer
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$layout
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$string
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$style
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/example/flutter_banking_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.flutter_banking_app.BuildConfig
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/crazecoder/openfile/R.java
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$attr
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$color
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$dimen
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$drawable
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$id
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$integer
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$layout
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$string
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$style
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$styleable
 com.crazecoder.openfile.R$xml
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
co/paystack/flutterpaystack/R.java
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$anim
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$animator
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$attr
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$bool
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$color
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$dimen
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$drawable
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$id
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$integer
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$interpolator
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$layout
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$plurals
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$string
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$style
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$styleable
 co.paystack.flutterpaystack.R$xml
androidx/webkit/R.java
 androidx.webkit.R
 androidx.webkit.R$attr
 androidx.webkit.R$color
 androidx.webkit.R$dimen
 androidx.webkit.R$drawable
 androidx.webkit.R$id
 androidx.webkit.R$integer
 androidx.webkit.R$layout
 androidx.webkit.R$string
 androidx.webkit.R$style
 androidx.webkit.R$styleable
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
